A simple port scanner that cyclically uses the powershell comandlet Test-NetConnection to check specified TCP- and UDP- port(s) on the specified address(es) and writes the result to the text file. The input values are specified in the following format: IP-address(domain name):port(s). It is able to work in two modes:the mode in which it reads the strings containing ports and addresses from the specified text file and sends them to the comandlet and the mode in which the user sets the strings manually from the keyboard. First the program asks to input the socket (the pair of the address and the port(s) separated by the ":"-sign, if there are multiple ports in one socket they should be separated with the commas without spaces, also the port ranges can be set using the hyphen between the start and the end port). Then to input values manually press "T" in English keyboard layout. To import values from file press "I" in English keyboard layout and then type or paste the path to the file. The directories and files in the path should be separated with the "/"-slash. The socket values in the files should be arranged as the column, string after string. The addresses and ports should be separated with the two-spot. There should not be excess symbols (including spaces) to provide correct performance. When typing socket values manually press "N" in English keyboard layout to add a new socket, or press Enter two times to input the path to output file.
Update 14.03.2021-SimplePortScanner1.1- A new feature is added to a program- The data transmission when using via cmd is available. Syntax:portscanner1.1.exe Disk:/path/to/the/input/file.extension Disk:/path/to/the/output/file.extension.
